[Outlook] (mobile) Create an event-based walkthrough (#3978)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/outlook-mobile-addins.md

  1. Event-based add-ins that activate on the `OnNewMessageCompose` event must declare the [LaunchEvent extension point](/javascript/api/manifest/extensionpoint#launchevent). For more information, see [Implement event-based activation in Outlook mobile add-ins](mobile-event-based.md).

- The [makeEwsRequestAsync](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/preview-requirement-set/office.context.mailbox#methods) API isn't supported on mobile since the mobile app uses REST APIs to communicate with the server. If your app backend needs to connect to the Exchange server, you can use the callback token to make REST API calls. For details, see [Use the Outlook REST APIs from an Outlook add-in](use-rest-api.md).

- When you submit your add-in to the store with [MobileFormFactor](/javascript/api/manifest/mobileformfactor) in the manifest, you'll need to agree to our developer addendum for add-ins on iOS, and you must submit your Apple Developer ID for verification.

> - Finally, your manifest needs to declare `MobileFormFactor`, and have the correct types of [controls](/javascript/api/manifest/control) and [icon sizes](/javascript/api/manifest/icon) included. To learn more, see [Add support for add-in commands in Outlook on mobile devices](add-mobile-support.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Finally, your manifest needs to declare `MobileFormFactor`, and include the correct types of [controls](/javascript/api/manifest/control) and [icon sizes](/javascript/api/manifest/icon). To learn more, see [Add support for add-in commands in Outlook on mobile devices](add-mobile-support.md).
```
